As you all know we're here to create a brand new fantastic remote. I'm Nick Debusk,. I'm the Project Manager. we'll just get started with everyone kind of letting each other know who they are and what you're doing, what your what your role is.
I am Corinne Whiting. and I will be the Marketing Expert. In the function design phase I will be talking about user requirement specification,. In the conceptual design phase I will be dealing with trend watching. And then finally in the detailed design phase I will be doing product evaluation
I'm the User Interface Designer. likewise I've three different roles for each stage of design. the functional design is looking at the tex technical functions of a remote control. in the concept design, the user interface,. And the detailed design sort of like the user interface design,
And I'm the Industrial Designer in in this project. In the functional design phase I'm I'll be dealing mostly with the requirements,. we'll discuss what the prog what functions the the product has to fulfil and so and so on. in the conceptual design I'll be pro mostly dealing with properties and materials of our product. And the detailed design in the detailed design I'll be concerned with the look and feel of the product itself,
Our our agenda is the opening, acquaintance which we've kinda done. tool training, project plan discussion and then closing. we are putting together a new remote control. we want it to be something original. of course we're a not only a electronics company but a. fashion conscious electronics company,. so we want it to be trendy. and we want it to be easy to use. we've got the functional design, conceptual design and detailed design. let's just throw out some ideas of what kind of remote control we want to have,. and then we can go into how we're gonna design it
Function of remote control is just just. change channels is its main function.
We want it to be a TV remote or. I I mean do we want it to to do other things besides just be a a television remote?
I suppose you try make it a universal remote. But, you know, they all sorta have the same role changing channels, volumes and then programming. I think they all work on the same prin principle as well. one thing I thought of with the remote control is you always lose 'em. So if there's a a way of finding it quite easily, I thought that'd be quite good quite a good feature.
So we should we should set our remote control up to where it has a. like a tracking device
You could whistle. or make a noise. and it'd beep.
There's a button on the TV that you press
Generally, all remotes are sort of quite similar in their appearance.
So they're kinda like long and rectangular. Do we want something crazy? we want something new that's gonna stand out.
Maybe sorta spherical or something. A ball.
Maybe like user-friendly,. where you can use both hands, like a little keyboard type thing.
I thought maybe, because people always tend to throw a remote control about the place to one another. and maybe the actual controls are inside or something.
You can't have it be any form and fulfil all functions at the same time,. so there are always the some restrictions. however one question is how stable is that thing supposed to be,. How sturdy is it gonna be?
We want it to to hold up to somebody's child, you know, throwing it across the room. so ball-shaped, you know, if it were ball-shaped maybe,
It could be cased on the outside. and everything could be inside.
We want it to be modern, fun, sturdy,. It's something that we're supposed to sell for about twenty five Euros. goals for profits are I think somewhere around fifty million Euros, what they wanna make on it, so.
Also since we're partners of the International Remote Control Association,. maybe we wanna make it something that would globally appeal.
Marketing, you could find out what is the most universally appealing remote control out there.
And maybe as far as design goes, maybe we could have different ones for different target audiences,
Do you guys have any ideas for what it should look like? We want it to be a a ball,
I could draw sorta the ball idea. this is where it's connected together,. and then when you open it out, it could fol it could be maybe flip, like a flip phone,. Maybe a hinge that'll have to be the strongest part of it. I think, sometimes remotes have too many buttons,. so maybe as simple as possible,. as few buttons inside as possible. if it had like if some kind of like light or something or lights around it.
The ball is a nice idea. because of it's stability really,. so we'd have to have it flat on one side at least, down here somewhere,. Also also you risk the hinges here. That's that's a problem. but that's of course a weak point, yeah.
I mean would we just have a flat spot on the bottom of the ball?
The shape is perhaps not the most ideal. there must be a compromise between stability and design here, so.
I can't think of anything other than a long rectangle for remote,
It's not innovative,. everybody does long remote
My idea was just to have it be kind of like a. keyboard type shape, you know, like video games. We could also try to do the hinge thing,. so it could like flip out that way.
I mean maybe design something, that's sort of like. but something that would maybe fit in the hand easier.
Because even I suppose even with the ball
It still not the ho easiest thing to hold, yeah.
So perhaps the the joystick the the keyboard idea might work better.
I think it's definitely got to be a a one-handed a one-handed job.
If it's small it probably looks better,. may not be th as functional.
Say we went with the ball the ball function. but maybe we give it sort of grips along the side. to make it easier to hold on to. But if we're gonna make it flat on the bottom, then that eliminates our ball anyways. And then we have the problem with the hinge.
The question is also, I dunno, do you really always want to open that thing when you have to use it?
So then we forget the ball. So we've got our sort of keyboard kind.
Question is what makes those game pads functional? I think that's pretty much the form for full hand. So it's a round shape underneath that makes it comfy,. Except for that I think we'll not probably not get a get away from some longer design. and Batteries go weak as well,
Is it possible to have it to where it would work with a like a sensor on either side? So that either way you're pointing it it would work.
O of course the more technology you stick in that, the more it'll cost, so. but it's rather about an instinctual thing,. Otherwise the design of or the the point of putting two sensors on both sides would probably work.
Just to finish up,. should we go with this plan,
It says on there what we need to do for the next meeting, I think.
And then marketing will look and see what what people want. And Project Manager will design a better meeting for next time around,